README.md, before:

# Slay International Website

This website is designed to be the primary online presence of a start-up called "Slay International". This Korean based company is focused on 3 primary services: Acting as an international model and talent agency for the Korean market, copywriting/translation (English -> Korean and vice versa), and production service for promotional materials such as video advertising. In making this website I strive to coherently present these options to potential customers and ensure that the website quickly and efficiently leads them to the information they require while maintaing an appealing and professional image for the company. 
 
## UX

In making this website I strive to coherently present these options to potential customers and ensure that the website quickly and efficiently leads them to the information they require while maintaing an appealing and professional image for the company.

The primary user of this website will be customers wishing to avail of one of the 3 services available, a possible secondary user maybe models that wish to be promoted through the company.

The site will feature a homepage, with a brief overview/introduction and then 4 main sections. 1 for each service and the final 4th section as a contact page.

Potential user stories:
- As a record label producing a music video, I want to hire a model. I go to the site, see the model section, click on it, see the gallery of models and then go to the contact page to contact the company about a specific model that I would like to hire.
-As a Korean company selling a product to the international market, I want to have my marketing materials translated. I choose the korean version of the site then I go to the copywriting section of the site, see the information and then reach out through the contact page.
-As a non-Korean company selling a product to the Korean market, I want to have my marketing materials translated and localized. I go to the English version of the site then I go to the copywriting section of the site, see the information and then reach out through the contact page.
- As a company looking to have a complete video advertisement made, I go to the production section of the site, see the information and then reach out through the contact page. I potentially also look at the model gallery for specific models that I would like to use in my production.

The following are 2 initial mockups that I created in Balsamiq as a general layout, one has a more colourful button navigation bar while the other is text based with a drop down menu on mobile:
1. https://github.com/Gilleece/CodeInstitute-Milestone-Project-1/blob/master/assets/images/misc/wireframe.png
2. https://github.com/Gilleece/CodeInstitute-Milestone-Project-1/blob/master/assets/images/misc/wireframe2.png

## Features

The site will have both an English version and Korean version, that can be toggled at anytime through the relevant flag in the upper right corner of the website.
There will be 5 sections: Home, models, copywriting, production, contact.
Home, copyingwriting, production will have text and images to display relevant information to the user.
Models page will have a gallery, clicking on the model's image will bring up a profile for them.
The contact page will have a contact form.
 
### (TO BE DONE) Existing Features
- Feature 1 - allows users X to achieve Y, by having them fill out Z
- ...

For some/all of your features, you may choose to reference the specific project files that implement them, although this is entirely optional.

In addition, you may also use this section to discuss plans for additional features to be implemented in the future:

### Features Left to Implement
- Another feature idea

## Technologies Used

- HTML
- CSS
- [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/)
    - The project uses **Bootstrap** to aid with responsive design of the site.


## Testing

In this section, you need to convince the assessor that you have conducted enough testing to legitimately believe that the site works well. Essentially, in this part you will want to go over all of your user stories from the UX section and ensure that they all work as intended, with the project providing an easy and straightforward way for the users to achieve their goals.

Whenever it is feasible, prefer to automate your tests, and if you've done so, provide a brief explanation of your approach, link to the test file(s) and explain how to run them.

For any scenarios that have not been automated, test the user stories manually and provide as much detail as is relevant. A particularly useful form for describing your testing process is via scenarios, such as:

1. Contact form:
    1. Go to the "Contact Us" page
    2. Try to submit the empty form and verify that an error message about the required fields appears
    3. Try to submit the form with an invalid email address and verify that a relevant error message appears
    4. Try to submit the form with all inputs valid and verify that a success message appears.

In addition, you should mention in this section how your project looks and works on different browsers and screen sizes.

You should also mention in this section any interesting bugs or problems you discovered during your testing, even if you haven't addressed them yet.

If this section grows too long, you may want to split it off into a separate file and link to it from here.

## Deployment

This section should describe the process you went through to deploy the project to a hosting platform (e.g. GitHub Pages or Heroku).

In particular, you should provide all details of the differences between the deployed version and the development version, if any, including:
- Different values for environment variables (Heroku Config Vars)?
- Different configuration files?
- Separate git branch?

In addition, if it is not obvious, you should also describe how to run your code locally.


## Credits

### Content
- The text for section Y was copied from the [Wikipedia article Z](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Z)

### Media
- The photos used in this site were obtained from ...

### Acknowledgements

- I received inspiration for this project from X

Commit message:

Added header/navbar, updated readme, added styles (with some placeholder styles)

README.md, after:

# Slay International Website

This website is designed to be the primary online presence of a start-up called "Slay International". This Korean based company is focused on 3 primary services: Acting as an international model and talent agency for the Korean market, copywriting/translation (English -> Korean and vice versa), and production service for promotional materials such as video advertising. In making this website I strive to coherently present these options to potential customers and ensure that the website quickly and efficiently leads them to the information they require while maintaing an appealing and professional image for the company. 
 
## UX

In making this website I strive to coherently present these options to potential customers and ensure that the website quickly and efficiently leads them to the information they require while maintaing an appealing and professional image for the company.

The primary user of this website will be customers wishing to avail of one of the 3 services available, a possible secondary user maybe models that wish to be promoted through the company.

The site will feature a homepage, with a brief overview/introduction and then 4 main sections. 1 for each service and the final 4th section as a contact page.

Potential user stories:
- As a record label producing a music video, I want to hire a model. I go to the site, see the model section, click on it, see the gallery of models and then go to the contact page to contact the company about a specific model that I would like to hire.
-As a Korean company selling a product to the international market, I want to have my marketing materials translated. I choose the korean version of the site then I go to the copywriting section of the site, see the information and then reach out through the contact page.
-As a non-Korean company selling a product to the Korean market, I want to have my marketing materials translated and localized. I go to the English version of the site then I go to the copywriting section of the site, see the information and then reach out through the contact page.
- As a company looking to have a complete video advertisement made, I go to the production section of the site, see the information and then reach out through the contact page. I potentially also look at the model gallery for specific models that I would like to use in my production.

The following are 2 initial mockups that I created in Balsamiq as a general layout, one has a more colourful button navigation bar while the other is text based with a drop down menu on mobile:
1. https://github.com/Gilleece/CodeInstitute-Milestone-Project-1/blob/master/assets/images/misc/wireframe.png
2. https://github.com/Gilleece/CodeInstitute-Milestone-Project-1/blob/master/assets/images/misc/wireframe2.png

## Features

The site will have both an English version and Korean version, that can be toggled at anytime through the relevant flag in the upper right corner of the website.
There will be 5 sections: Home, models, copywriting, production, contact.
Home, copyingwriting, production will have text and images to display relevant information to the user.
Models page will have a gallery, clicking on the model's image will bring up a profile for them.
The contact page will have a contact form.
 
### (TO BE DONE) Existing Features
- Feature 1 - allows users X to achieve Y, by having them fill out Z
- ...

For some/all of your features, you may choose to reference the specific project files that implement them, although this is entirely optional.

In addition, you may also use this section to discuss plans for additional features to be implemented in the future:

### Features Left to Implement
- Another feature idea

## Technologies Used

- HTML
- CSS
- [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/)
    - The project uses **Bootstrap** to aid with responsive design of the site.


## Testing

In this section, you need to convince the assessor that you have conducted enough testing to legitimately believe that the site works well. Essentially, in this part you will want to go over all of your user stories from the UX section and ensure that they all work as intended, with the project providing an easy and straightforward way for the users to achieve their goals.

Whenever it is feasible, prefer to automate your tests, and if you've done so, provide a brief explanation of your approach, link to the test file(s) and explain how to run them.

For any scenarios that have not been automated, test the user stories manually and provide as much detail as is relevant. A particularly useful form for describing your testing process is via scenarios, such as:

1. Contact form:
    1. Go to the "Contact Us" page
    2. Try to submit the empty form and verify that an error message about the required fields appears
    3. Try to submit the form with an invalid email address and verify that a relevant error message appears
    4. Try to submit the form with all inputs valid and verify that a success message appears.

In addition, you should mention in this section how your project looks and works on different browsers and screen sizes.

You should also mention in this section any interesting bugs or problems you discovered during your testing, even if you haven't addressed them yet.

If this section grows too long, you may want to split it off into a separate file and link to it from here.

## Deployment

This section should describe the process you went through to deploy the project to a hosting platform (e.g. GitHub Pages or Heroku).

In particular, you should provide all details of the differences between the deployed version and the development version, if any, including:
- Different values for environment variables (Heroku Config Vars)?
- Different configuration files?
- Separate git branch?

In addition, if it is not obvious, you should also describe how to run your code locally.


## Credits

Color scheme based on 2 templates on color.adobe.com (https://color.adobe.com/search?q=ED772D&t=hex and https://color.adobe.com/search?q=ed772d&t=hex)

Pricing template on bootstrap was used as a starting point for the header and navigation menu.

### Content
- The text for section Y was copied from the [Wikipedia article Z](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Z)

### Media
- The photos used in this site were obtained from ...

### Acknowledgements

- I took inspiration for the header from the "Pricing" bootstrap template.
